README.md, before:

# Geometry Dash Replica (Processing)

by *Emily Bishop*

A simple Geometry Dash–style game built using **Processing**. This project recreates core gameplay mechanics from the original game, including player movement, obstacle collision, and level progression.

This game was developed over a **two-week period** as a **final project for CSC 103: Creative Computing**, focusing on applying creative coding techniques to interactive game design.

## Features
- Side-scrolling gameplay
- Player jump mechanics
- Obstacle generation and collision detection
- Restart on collision
- Basic physics (gravity and velocity)
- Custom visuals using Processing shapes

## Built With
- **Processing** (Java-based creative coding framework)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Download and install **Processing** from:  
  https://processing.org/download

### Running the Project
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/geometry-dash-replica.git
2. Open the project folder in Processing.
3. Open the main .pde file (the file containing the setup() and draw() methods).
4. Click the Run button in Processing to execute the program and play the game.

Commit message:

Update README with project media link
Added a link to project photos and videos.

README.md, after:

# Geometry Dash Replica (Processing)

by *Emily Bishop*

A simple Geometry Dash–style game built using **Processing**. This project recreates core gameplay mechanics from the original game, including player movement, obstacle collision, and level progression.

This game was developed over a **two-week period** as a **final project for CSC 103: Creative Computing**, focusing on applying creative coding techniques to interactive game design.

To see photos and videos of this project in action, please visit the link: [here](https://www.behance.net/gallery/185950269/CSC-103-final-game-project)

## Features
- Side-scrolling gameplay
- Player jump mechanics
- Obstacle generation and collision detection
- Restart on collision
- Basic physics (gravity and velocity)
- Custom visuals using Processing shapes

## Built With
- **Processing** (Java-based creative coding framework)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Download and install **Processing** from:  
  https://processing.org/download

### Running the Project
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/geometry-dash-replica.git
2. Open the project folder in Processing.
3. Open the main .pde file (the file containing the setup() and draw() methods).
4. Click the Run button in Processing to execute the program and play the game.
